SOLID principles for OOP programming
These principles go together a great deal.  Some say they are 1 principle in many ways.
The key lesson is to program to an interface, which frees you in many ways.
Program to an interface, rather than an implementation, like the "Strategy" Design pattern.
This maximizes polymorphism, which gives max flexibility,
where different implementations can easily be made use of if we've programmed to an interface.
If you are doing "is_a()" or "instanceof()" methods to check to see what kind of object you have, that's
a giveaway that you're probably breaking the SOLID principles.


Single responsibility:  Each class should only have 1 responsibility.  It maximizes the simplicity, maintainability, and
 reusability of the code.  Ask yourself "could this class be used by any other part of the program if it were simpler."
 This way, ***each class can be re-used a maximum number of times***, like Jon's ClickTripz answer key for that test.
 Interfaces also should have 1 responsibility.  Fat/large interfaces and fat classes are bad, thin/small interfaces
 and classes are good.

Open for extension, but closed for modification:  The 1st part, make it simple to change the behavior.
 The goal of the 2nd part (hard to do perfectly): without modifying the original source code.  The
 reason why you don't want to modify the original source code is because you might introduce bugs.  ***Once
 code is tested and it works, it's best to leave it alone and just extend it if new features need to be added.***
 Separate the extensionable behavior behind an interface.

Liskov Substitution:  This principle states that any implementation of an abstraction (interface) should be substitutable in any place that the abstraction is accepted.
 Or in other words, "derived classes must be substitutable for their base classes."  This protects unexpected behavior\
 from a descendant class from the original parent class.  Whatever the parent class does, the children should do
 that and only that and no more.  For instance, don't check for an exception in the descendant class - put that in the
 parent class.  Perhaps most importantly, this principle means that descendant classes should return the same type of value as the
 parent class.  Otherwise, a consumer of the descendant class won't be interchangeable with another sibling class, because the
 return data type differed.  It's ok to break this rule on occasion, though... (returning an array OR returning a collection
 might be ok amongst sibling classes.).  ***Sibling classes should be interchangeable - put as much common features in the parent
 class as possible.***
 1.  Signature must match
 2.  Preconditions can't be greater
 3.  Post conditions at least equal to
 4.  Exception types must match


Interface Segregation Principle: states that a client should never be forced to implement an interface that it doesn’t use.
 Fat/large interfaces and fat classes are bad, thin/small interfaces
 and classes are good.  Separate out what you don't need everywhere, so that you can use
 the smaller bits and pieces everywhere.  **You can implement multiple small interfaces in one class, or more, which is better
 than implementing 1 big interface.**

Dependency Inversion:  Depend on abstractions, not concretions.  Kind of saying the same thing
once again:  program to an interface, not an implementation.  Dependency Inversion is not dependency injection.
"Inversion" has to do with "who owns the interface": the interface, the implementation, or the customer class?
The interface owns the implementation always.  **If you need a new interface, make a new interface.  Don't make the
interface conform to the implementation or the customer class, especially when refactoring code, because it will
break all of the other implementations that implement that interface!**